Added doc on how to fix OpenSSL error in tests (#7925)
18F/identity-idp: docs/FixingOpenSSLVersionProblem.md

> # This document describes a recurrent problem with OpenSSL and some of our tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to fix a recurrent problem with OpenSSL and some of our tests
```

> The problem appears to manifests when Ruby was built and linked against

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The problem arises when Ruby was built and linked against
```

the wrong version of OpenSSL. In summary, the procedure we have found
that fixes the problem is to rebuild Ruby, linked against the correct
version of OpenSSL, then remove and reinstall all of your gems.

# Details
- These instructions assume you're on a Mac; if not, you will have to
  work out the equivilent directions based on these.

- As of this writing, the correct Ruby version for login.gov is 3.2.0.
  Use whatever the current version is.

## One spec which shows the problem:

`spec/features/openid_connect/openid_connect_spec.rb`

The problem looks like:
```
1) OpenID Connect receives an ID token with a kid that matches the certs endpooint
     Failure/Error: JWT::JWK.import(certs_response[:keys].first).public_key
     OpenSSL::PKey::PKeyError:
       rsa#set_key= is incompatible with OpenSSL 3.0
```

## Finding out where you have openssl 1.1 installed

> Run the command `brew --prefix openssl@1.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`brew --prefix openssl@1.1`
```

If not present, run `brew install openssl@1.1`

> ## Rebuilding Ruby using asdf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rebuilding Ruby using asdf (if that's your version manager)
```

Remove the existing Ruby version, if present:
`asdf uninstall ruby 3.2.0`

And re-install, using the correct OpenSSL installation:
`RUBY_CONFIGURE_OPTS="--with-openssl-dir=$(brew --prefix openssl@1.1)" asdf install ruby 3.2.0`

> ## Rebuilding Ruby using ruby-build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rebuilding Ruby using ruby-build (all other version managers)
```
